LVGL: Documentation of the LVGL performance. (#146)
espressif/esp-bsp: README.md

| [ESP32-S3-LCD-EV-BOARD](esp32_s3_lcd_ev_board) | ESP32-S3 | LCD display with touch, audio codec + power amplifier | <img src="docu/pics/esp32-s3-lcd-ev-board_800x480.png" width="150"> |
| [ESP32-S3-Korvo-2](esp32_s3_korvo_2) | ESP32-S3 | LCD display, camera, uSD card slot, microphone, audio codec + power amplifier | <img src="docu/pics/korvo-2.png" width="150"> |

## LCD displays and TOUCH

| [LVGL port](components/esp_lvgl_port) | [LCD drivers](LCD.md) |
| :---: | :---: |

> The BSP repository includes a lot of LCD and Touch driver components. The list of available and planned LCDs is [here](LCD.md). Main component for easier handling of the LVGL library is [LVGL port](components/esp_lvgl_port) which includes recommendations for increasing LCD performance too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BSP repository includes a lot of LCD and Touch driver components. The list of available and planned LCDs is [here](LCD.md).
We offer seemless integration of LVGL graphical library into esp-idf applications in [LVGL port](components/esp_lvgl_port) component.
Moreover, LVGL port includes recommendations and tips for increasing graphical performance.
```
